Job Profile CTC:
₹ 400000 per Annum

Job Description

Infogain Corporation is a human-centered digital platform and software engineering company. We use technologies like cloud, microservices, robotic process automation, artificial intelligence, etc., to deliver customer engagement systems to clients in travel, hospitality, healthcare, retail, insurance, and high-tech industries. Our headquarters is in Los Gatos, California. We employ more than 6,000 talented associates across USA, India, UK, Singapore, UAE, Poland, Uruguay, and also remotely around the world. Our core values drive our actions for sustaining our people and planet. Infogain, an Apax Fund’s portfolio company, has offices in California, Washington, Texas, the UK, the UAE, and Singapore, with delivery centers in Seattle, Houston, Austin, Kraków, Noida, Gurgaon, Mumbai, Pune, and Bengaluru. 

Our objective is to identify and acquire top talent and groom them to create the Leaders of tomorrow. We have made a conscious decision to recruit from esteemed educational institutions like yours, thus giving us a tremendous opportunity to work with young talent. 

 Eligibility Criteria 
60% aggregate – 10th and 12th or Diploma
60% aggregate – B. Tech (CSE, IT)
60% aggregate- BCA / B.Sc. IT ( UG Education Requirement for MCA Candidate )
60% aggregate - MCA  
Compensation and Benefits

 Position –Trainee
Training Duration- 6 Months for January 2024 Joiners
Training Duration- 3 Months for July 2024 Joiners

Monthly Stipend during Training – INR 20,000

Position Upon Confirmation – Associate Software Engineer
Annual Gross Package: INR 4,00,000

Benefits over and above Gross Package:  
Group Mediclaim Insurance coverage -As a Corporate GMC floater policy Sum insured INR 4,00,000 for self, spouse & children up to two. (Upon Regularization) Voluntary sum insured top up to 5 Lac is possible upon paying an additional premium.
Being a part of Infogain India's Mediclaim policy, we facilitate voluntary coverage for parent’s or in-law (any set of parents) premium borne by the individual
Group Personal Accident Insurance (GPA) coverage- For self that will be INR 10,00,000/- from Day one of Joining
Group Term Life Insurance- Coverage for Self-amounting 15 Lacs - from Day One of Joining
Holidays -7 Public holidays + 3 Optional Holidays
Casual Leave – 1 leave per month during the Training Period
Leave entitlement post Regularization – 12 Casual+ Medical Leaves, 15 Earned leaves in the 1st Year 17 Earned Leaves in the 2nd Year & 3rd year onwards 20 Earned Leaves (Credited monthly & can be availed after 6 months of Regularization). We also provide Paternity leave and Maternity leave (Upon Regularization)
External Training/ Certification is reimbursed for every Full Time Employee up to 50,000 INR annually (Approval Required)
Selection procedure:  

We have 4 step Hiring Process:
Level 1- Online Assessment – ( Virtual)
Aptitude
Technical Objective
Code Test
Level 2- Communication Assessment ( Virtual)
Verbal and written communication
Level 3-Technical Discussion ( On-Campus)
Level 4- HR Discussion ( On-Campus)
We conclude the selection process by sending selection mail to College and Selected Student ( On-Campus)