
Job Profile CTC:

₹ 500000 per Annum

Other Info :

Job Description

About the Company

Founded in 2011, Jellyfish Technologies is a global software development company leading the revolution in Fintech, Insurtech, health tech, IoT, BPA, and DCX, among others.

 

We apply advanced AI & ML technologies and robotics to offer new-age and highly efficient solutions to international clients. We have recently launched an automated productivity product in the North American market.

 

We are a service/product-based software development company that transforms ideas into applications. Our cross-functional team of motivated, skilled, and experienced software engineers and designers, helps clients unlock the business values of their enterprises in a time-bound and cost-effective manner. 

 

You can find us on our website or on LinkedIn.

 

Office Address: Logix Infotech Park,

D-5, opp. Metro Station,

Jellyfish Technologies Pvt. Ltd. (3rd Floor),

Sector 59, Noida, Uttar Pradesh 201301

 

Listed below are the details of what we are looking for:

Desired Date of On-Campus Recruitment Drive: September 2023

In-take Month: October/November 2023

Profiles we are recruiting for:

Node.js Developer

React.js Developer

Quality Assurance Tester (Automation)

MERN-Stack Developer

Java Developer, etc.

 

Pay Package:

- Stipend during Traning/Internship Period: INR 20,000 per month
- Pay Package on Confirmation: up to INR 5.00 LPA (based on the candidate’s performance in the interviews and internship/training tenure)
 

Location: Noida

 

Job Type: Full-Time

Internship/Training Duration: 6 months (depending on student's performance during the training period)

Job Confirmation: After the completion of the 6-month Training/Internship Period, the student will have to serve the organization for at least 1 year (Bond details shall be shared during the on-campus drive)

Eligibility: B.Tech (Computer Science or IT)/MCA/M.Tech

 

Skills Required:

Mandatory Skills:

Good Verbal and Written Skills (English)

Well-versed in writing clear, concise, and comprehensive test plans and test cases

Strong Analytical, Critical-Thinking, and Problem-Solving Skills

Strong Analytical Skills For AI/ML Development

Agility and Adaptability

Good-to-Have Skills:

Internship Experience

Strong Coding Background

 

Selection/Recruitment Process (On-Campus):

Round 1: Coding Test

Round 2: Group Discussion/PI Round (HR)

Round 3: Technical Interview Round - 1

Round 4: Technical Interview Round - 2 (Final)

 

Benefits/Perks Offered:

Special Leaves (on Birthdays and Anniversaries)

Health Insurance (including Spouse and Kids)

Flexible Working Hours

Annual Paid Trips

Working Days: Mondays-Fridays, etc.