Job Profile CTC:

₹ 400000 per Annum

Other Info :

Job Description

ASSOCIATE SOFTWARE ENGINEER: Associate Software engineers design and develop software, applications and write reusable, testable, efficient code.

 
PRODUCT EVANGELIST:A product evangelist is an expert in the product and the market and deals with planning, forecasting, developing and marketing the product to enable better sales. Their ability to determine the user requirements and in conveying the value of the product helps in delivering a product that meets the needs.
 
 
TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEER:
A Technical Support Engineer isresponsible for providing technical support to clients remotely. Provide user with a solution through information gathering, analytical troubleshooting and problem research, or route or escalate the user to the appropriate resolution group. Ability to work effectively in a team environment with Pleasant, professional, and courteous personality skill.
 
 
PRE SALES ENGINEER:
As an Implementation engineer at Mitsogo, you will assist the sales / business development team by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers.
You will liaise with Product Management and Marketing to stay on top of industry trends


Your job will involve you working closely with cross-functional teams of developers, QAs.
You will help potential customers and channel partners to understand Hexnode MDM.

 
UI/UX DESIGNERS /MOTION GRAPHICS:
Analyze requirements, collaborate, and create innovative designs to promote brand identity and improve user experience.
Design storyboards, collaborate and interpret scripts into stunning graphics, video, and animations. 
 
 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATES:
Conduct high volume prospecting to generate qualified leads using various channels of outreach including but not limited to cold calling, email, and social selling.
Providing a world-class prospect and customer experience through every interaction


CTC:4LPA +Benefits

PLACEMENT PROCESS:
 
Phase 1: Pre- Placement Talk
The placement drive commences with a pre-placement talk. The students can enroll with an URL ID which would be shared at least two days prior to the scheduled date of the drive.
 
Phase 2: Online Aptitude Test
The selection process is initiated with an online aptitude test. This would be conducted on the following day after the completion of the placement talk.
Duration: 01 Hour
 
Phase 3: Comprehensive Assessment
The comprehensive assessment is a combination of programming and writing skills. Itll be conducted on the fourth day of the placement process and a decision on an interview call will be made based on the outcome of the comprehensive assessment.
Duration: 02 Hour
 
Phase 4 & 5: Online Interview
The final stage of the selection process consists of online video interviews. The candidates qualifying phase 4 will be interviewed by our panel.

 

Candidates are expected to possess a Laptop/PC with a clear webcam and stable internet connectivity.
 
Proper power backup is essential in facilitating an uninterrupted test and interview.

A training agreement of around 18 months would be in effect once the candidates successfully complete the training period.