Opening Overview

Category:

IT Companies

Job Functions:

Information Technology


Job Profile CTC:

₹ 450000 per Annum

Other Info :

Job Description

 

Dear Students,

Please find the registration process steps below. Candidates must only use their personal email address and phone number for registration and refrain using their college email address for the same. Candidates failing to complete the registration within the mentioned timeline will not be considered for the process. The link will be open till 09th Nov 23 (11 AM)


Registration Process:

Step 1. Apply to the below job opening below on IBM career portal.

Link - https://ibm.biz/Bdy5he

 

Step 2. Note the candidate reference number which will be shared in an email from IBMRecruitment_noreply <Enterprise@trm.brassring.com>

 

Step 3. Go to the below link and complete the registration form.

Link –  https://ibm.biz/Bdy5h9

 

Its Mandate for the students to follow the above three steps to ensure their application is submitted for the process. Please inform the students to choose the College Name as “KIET Group of Institutions_Ghaziabad_Uttar Pradesh” and College State as "Uttar Pradesh" in the College Name /College State Section in the form. Also ensure they input the right IBM Candidate Reference Number which they would have received a mail (Only Numeric Character) and IBM Job ID as 653056BR in the registration form.

  

Stage by Stage Process: 

Coding Assessment - (Hybrid Event)
English Language Assessment - (Hybrid)
Group Discussion - (Hybrid)
Interviews - (Hybrid)
 

IMPORTANT:

Selection Criteria - All Stages are Elimination Rounds.
Coding Assessment, English Assessment, Group Discussion, and Interviews will happen physically at your campus.
Kindly read the eligibility criteria thoroughly. Please make sure candidates attend the event only if they meet the eligibility criteria mentioned in the JD.
Candidates involved in any kind of malpractice will be debarred/blacklisted from taking IBM assessments/Interviews in the future.
Please note that IBM will not provide any travel and accommodation or allowance for attending placement process at any physical location. Candidates must arrange their own travel and accommodation.
Project deployment/joining location can be anywhere across PAN India. Hence, we expect the candidates to be flexible in terms of relocation across locations.